Add guidelines about early merge (#99576)
JuliaRegistries/General: README.md

[^1]: Note that even within the world of OSI licenses, there are combinations of OSI licenses which are not
legal to use together, such as GPL2 with Apache2.

#### Can my package registration PR be merged early?

New packages must typically wait for the 3 day timer to expire before they are merged, either automatically by the bot or manually. 

> However, exceptions may be made with proper justification, and opportunity for public comment, for instance if there is a time constraint. 
> To make this request please post either in the [#pkg-registration](https://julialang.slack.com/archives/C6M4DQA5P) channel on the 
> public Julia Language Slack, or directly on the PR itself. Proper justification should be provided on the pull request.

Reviewer: I think we should try to be more specific than "proper justification":
```suggestion
This waiting period allows time for community comment and review, and to provide time to check things like:

- the name is appropriate (e.g. "safe for work", not typosquatting, and fitting with the [Pkg naming guidelines](https://pkgdocs.julialang.org/v1/creating-packages/#Package-naming-guidelines))
- the package is functional and non-empty
- the code is not malicious (e.g. exploiting security vulnerabilities)
- there is some form of README or documentation to enable users to use the package

If there is some urgent need for the package to be registered (for example, an upcoming talk featuring the package or other external deadline), the waiting period can be expedited by request made in the [#pkg-registration](https://julialang.slack.com/archives/C6M4DQA5P) channel on the 
public Julia Language Slack, or directly on the PR itself. This request should include a link to the registration PR and why an expedited merge is needed. In this case, a registry maintainer (see below) can manually review the package (often with stricter standards than the typical package faces, given the lack of bandwidth to review all packages thoroughly).
```
